Hey, you, the one with the blue jammie! There is no time to waste. If you don't want to end like me, follow my advice and do not trust anything you see. Let's start to be used to move around this nightmare with W (forward), A (left), S (back), D (right) and the spacebar (jump). You look pretty agil, so I don't think you'll have any problem with that. Oh, I almost forget it! You should know that the archway over there will be a pretty nice ally when thins go wrong, but later I'll tell you more. When you're ready, come closer to those platforms to continue.
I wasn't wrong about you... Ok, let's continue. These platforms should not be a big effort for you. In order to pass the second one, you'll need to use your "big jump" ability. Select it with the Q key and execute it with E. But do not abuse your habilities, because each one needs a certain amount of energy to work and it takes a long time to be filled again. And be aware of touching those brambles, because you will DIE. Well, don't be scared boy, it's not permanent. You will only loose all your progress since the last archway you saw, from which you will returned to this... world. But you'll learn more about it along the time. These should be avoided easily. I hope to see you soon...
Things start to be complicated. Here there is a lever, which can be activated with F key. There are three different lever types: the ones activated permanently, the ones that are deactivated after a certain time and the ones that have to be holded in order to produce the corresponding effect. This one opens the door over there and it's from the second type, so use your "sprint" ability to reach the door before it gets closed. Be careful and see you in a while, when I'll introduce you one of my favourite creatures!
Fun is coming, you will see. I introduce you to Tsurobe-bi, he'll help you to reach unaccesible places without his help. If you find him sleeping, you'll have to wake him up by ringing the melody he wanted at that moment. But now you don't have to be worried, because I'm going to wake him up this time.
You're near the end... Here you have a floor button. Like levers, there are the same three types. The difference is these ones don't have to te activated manually, because they do by weight. Your name was Aoi, right? Well, the last piece of advice: be careful with your head. If you're good enough, Aoi, we'll see each other soon; if not... we'll see anyway, but probably I won't recognise you!
